In today's competitive job market, efficient recruitment processes are crucial for businesses to attract and retain top talent. Candidates apply in large numbers for jobs on web portals by uploading their resumes, due to the rapid growth of online-based recruitment systems. Finding the finest candidates for a position by examining hundreds of resumes requires a while and can introduce prejudice.
Traditionally, this process is performed manually, but companies often receive thousands of resumes for job applications so screening of these resumes is not only time-consuming but also very expensive for hiring companies. To reduce human involvement and errors, many new ways were introduced such as resume screening.
Resume Screening is the process of evaluating the resume of job seekers based on a specific requirement. It is used to identify the candidate's eligibility for a job by matching all the requirements needed for the offered role with their resume information such as education qualification, skill sets, technical stuff etc. Resume Screening is a crucial stage in a candidate's selection for a job role, it is the stage where the decision-making is done whether to move the candidate to the next level of the hiring process or not. 
This report addresses the contemporary challenges faced by hiring companies in manually screening the overwhelming number of job applications received through online platforms. In response, an automated solution is proposed, leveraging machine learning techniques such as Decision Tree, Random Forest, KNN, and Pickle Model, and the most accurate one is chosen to find the best possible solution. The objective is to revolutionize the hiring process by reducing costs, saving time, and ensuring fairness in candidate evaluation. 

